American exteriors is a window and
siding company been around for over 30
years now and we mainly service
residential homes who are looking to
have an energy-efficient product in
their home if you've never worked in
remodeling or construction that's not a
problem we'll teach you everything you
need to know we just opened up our
fourteenth office and now employing
about 300 people our product is awesome
we build it ourselves we have our own
manufacturing plant and so our employees
love representing our product with
energy-efficient windows in the house
obviously the homeowner is using a lot
less utilities obviously that's money
back in their pocket not to mention what
the home value increase that you'll see
what the product our folks that succeed
the most are those that just really
enjoy people love to work with their
colleagues love to go in homes and work
with homeowners whether if I'm dealing
with my direct team or the customers or
the installers it's always about the
people and being able to flex your style
and deal with the different types of
personalities that you come across it
never gets boring the homeowner will do
a testimonial letter for us just how
their experience want with us and in the
testimonial letter they truly say you
know how we helped them how the utility
bills went down the customer
testimonials are a huge part of the
business it's stuff like that that just
goes to show that we do help people and
that's really important American
exteriors serves their customers better
than the competition because we develop
customers for life we make sure that
from the moment that we walk into their
home that were there to help their needs
and not just to make money off of them
we make sure throughout the entire
process that we take care of them we're
here to answer any questions and that we
serve them on their warranty the
homeowner is excited about their homes
they're excited about the windows or the
siding it makes coming to work every day
just as enjoyable as the last our
company culture is like a family we've
grown from a small business to our large
business very fast but that's something
that I think we're proud of that we
never lost that we look out for each
other we develop from within with
managers and leadership America next
years is always looking to promote from
within not only myself but I've also
seen individual in the cost and a rise
to supervisory positions the call center
is fun its unique the mooring
create a partnership with the people in
there the better you're gonna do
regardless of the level that you come in
if you show that you have a willingness
to work if you sure you have a good
ethic if you show yourself to have the
skills they'll work with you and put you
in the position that most people are
looking for we'd love to find people who
are self-aware who want to learn and
want to continue to increase their
responsibilities and to get rewarded for
it actually qualified for my first year
with the President's Club every year the
company does a trip three days four
nights to an exotic location just a nice
bonus for your hard work throughout the
year it's one thing to go to a job every
day it's another thing to have a career
and to know that what you're doing makes
a difference